{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11420\viewh13040\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 rEFIt 0.14 ReadMe
\b0\fs28 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
rEFIt is a boot menu and maintenance toolkit for Intel-based Macs. You can use it to boot multiple operating systems easily, including triple-boot setups with Boot Camp. It also provides an easy way to enter and explore the EFI pre-boot environment.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 What\'92s New in this Version\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
Version 0.14:\
\pard\tx380\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li380\fi-260\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \'95	Configuration option to set the default boot choice.\
\'95	Fixes for Snow Leopard and 64-bit kernel mode.\
\'95	Fixes for detecting recent versions of GRUB2 and Haiku, added detection for NetBSD.\
\'95	Support for various additional partition types in gptsync.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Installation and Usage\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
Documentation for rEFIt is currently only available online at\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://refit.sourceforge.net/doc/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://refit.sourceforge.net/doc/}}.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Removing rEFIt\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
To get rid of rEFIt, open the \'93Startup Disk\'94 preference pane and select \'93Mac OS X\'94 as the operating system to boot. This will re-bless your Mac OS X volume and instruct the firmware to boot from it. Then rename or delete the \'93efi\'94 folder.\
\
In case your Mac OS X installation on the hard disk no longer boots, you can boot from the Mac OS X Install Disc (hold down the \'91C\'92 key while booting) and run \'93Startup Disk\'94 from the \'93Utilities\'94 menu.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 No Warranty\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
rEFIt is distributed in the hope that it will be useful. EFI is a powerful environment, but it also makes it easy to destroy your data or disable your computer altogether. 
\b rEFIt comes with absolutely no warranty of any kind. Use at your own risk. You have been warned.
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Credits\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
The rEFIt boot menu was written by Christoph Pfisterer <chrisp@users.sourceforge.net>. Other components in this distribution are taken from the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tianocore.org/"}}{\fldrslt TianoCore}} project and Intel\'92s {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.intel.com/technology/efi/toolkit_overview.htm"}}{\fldrslt EFI Application Toolkit}}, both distributed under a BSD-style license. See the \'93rEFIt License\'94 document for details.\
\
The rEFIt project website is at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://refit.sourceforge.net/"}}{\fldrslt http://refit.sourceforge.net/}}.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\pardirnatural
\cf0 Have fun!\
}